# is120-hw9-aaron-garry
JavaScript Tip Calculator

I started with some simple HTML that I knew would be easy. I made the input box and some radio buttons for each tip percent. I then started on the function but started running into a lot of problems with my variables and what was selected. Since we are using .value to set the tip variable in the function I looked it up and learned that you can set the "value" to something for your radio inputs (in html in the input tag) so I set them to the decimal value they should be. TO have a radio button selected on the page load I asked an AI and learned you can use .checked = true. 
I weirdly ran into issues starting an id with a number like 15percent. So I had to change them to tip15, tip 18, etc. For my event listeners I was trying to use click but learned I needed to use "change" instead to trigger the function. One of my functions updated the initial cost variable. This happened as that cost input box was updated. The other function calculated the tip amount, added it the total, then updated the HTML to display these outputs. At first I tried using .textContent += result but then the results kept stacking on each other on the page every time a new one was created. So i just totally replaced the text content and re wrote "tip:" and "total:" and concatinated them with the number outputs. 
I looked up some rounding ideas, math.round worked but in order to get exactly 2 decimal places I needed to use .toFixed(2), which was pretty simple. 
At the end I changed the input box to convert the variable into a number rather than "parseInt" This is because the program was not working if the user inputed a number with a decimal. 